All right, so our edit is really starting to come together, and I think we're yeah, 48 seconds into
our demo reel, and I hope that your demo reel is coming together and hopefully you've been able to
use the footage that we've created together previously in the course.
So now what I want to do is go ahead and look at it from the beginning, because we're at a point where
I want to do something different, you know, because we're doing this together and we're taking the
time to edit this.
I want to kind of take a risk.
So let's watch our edit and then I'll talk about what my idea is and hopefully we can pull it off.
OK, so it's looking good, right?
It's coming together.
Now, we have this kind of like I mentioned earlier, the calm part of our track before it goes into
a more excited part.
Now, you can easily just take our footage, you know, and have it on the same track.
No problem.
But I want to kind of try something, and I also want to find a way to bring in a portion to put this
great.
How do I say this, this awesome drone footage that we have?
So my idea is that in this compart, we'll kind of filter this track down.
We'll bring up the audio of our drone footage to create something unique and unexpected.
And when the drone footage is done, Zo will transition into a new track.
So rarely do you see two songs in one demo reel.
And that's what we're going to try to do.
So let's go ahead and paste this in.
I moved the rest of our great Selex back out of the way.
That will then place back in once we kind of finagle a way to use these shots.
Now, I know I want this portion to have sound design.
So I'm going to move these drone shots that don't have sound design to the back.
And I'm going to scoot over these other shots that do have sound design right here.
So let's see.
OK.
And what I want to do is I'm going to solo this track right on the hit where it goes into the compart.
We're going to create a cut.
Right there, boom.
And what we're going to do is go it's either a low pass filter or a high pass filter, I always get
it messed up, mixed up.
Let's try Lopez filter.
OK.
And let's go to the beginning of the cut we just made and let's make this not affect our clip.
Wait, let's turn it all the way up so that it's not affecting our clip.
OK, and let's make a keyframe and then let's go forward and then let's turn it down to maybe five hundred.
And let's hear.
OK, so I'm liking that, but what I want to do, you know what the Lopez filter makes it sound like
underwater, which is really cool, if we were to cut to the underwater shots that we have somewhere
in our edit room like that sounds like the low pass filter.
But we are going up in the sky with the drone footage.
So I'm going to actually turn this effect off and I'm going to do a high pass filter.
Now, let's see.
Yes.
So that's doing the opposite effect as a low pass, the low pass is cutting off all the highs, the
high passes, cutting off all the lows.
Now let's go all the way down and go to the beginning of our clip.
Hit, cut off.
I'm actually going to skew the clip over as well.
Go a few seconds forward and then turn up are high pass filter.
So it should create a smooth transition from normal sounding audio to a very kind of high pitch or not
necessarily high pitch, but almost high end is what I'm trying to say, where there's no bass.
Oh, yeah, that sounds like it's in the air.
I'm loving that, so what I want to do is actually bring this effect in sooner.
Yep.
Perfect.
OK, I'm loving that.
And we want to get into our new song by the time this drop comes in.